in this video i will summarize the plot
of a film entitled security which was
released in 2017.
this film stars antonio banderas as
eddie for a retired soldier who is now
working as a security guard at a mall
for the sake of protecting a little girl
named jaime who is a key witness to an
organized crime
eddie has to deal with a dangerous gang
full of weapons called the triple six
led by charlie played by ben kingsley
without lingering
let's just go to the crime scene at the
beginning of the film shows eddie
applying for a job at a company but the
blue woman says that there is no
suitable job for her considering eddie's
background who has a psychological side
who is still vulnerable to his duties as
a soldier but eddie says that he has
been unemployed for a year and is in
dire need and work for the sake of
living his wife and children because he
never got a decent job
eddie was willing to do any job
including cleaning the toilet
when he wanted to go to his car the
woman called eddie gave him a job as a
security guard at a mall and started
working tonight
on the other side of a conflict the
police are traveling with jaime who is
planning to testify in court tomorrow
against the most feared gang triple six
but suddenly their phone signal is cut
off
at the same time the police also realize
that their car is being followed and the
police car hits a mine causing one of
three of their cars to bounce
then the gang showered the police with
copper realizing it was ready to tell
jaime to run into the forest to look for
help before finally preparing to die
along with eight of his other men who
realized that jaime which is their main
target has managed to escape the yang
ant cleaned the crime scene to eliminate
evidence back to eddie here eddie looks
still haunted by trauma in his past
while serving on the battlefield
then he called his wife to tell her that
he was fine and had received
he also gave his greetings to his
daughter then eddie headed to the mall
to start working there he was greeted by
vance a senior security guard
vance introduced the 331 players the
ruby machine and joni their security
system
that knight had a problem
vance thought that the disturbance was
caused by bad weather
bad then vance gave eddie his uniform
and showed him the rooms in the mall
eddie also wondered why one mall could
be guarded by five security guards and
then vance said that if he wanted it
there had been a robbery and killed
dozens of people plus the city was very
dangerous
long fell in love with his co-worker
ruby so who likes to get drunk eddie
starts working then
suddenly he sees uremia look scared by
knocking on the door of the mall milk
without thinking eddie then opens the
door and for the sake of entering with
his wife before finally pizza then eddie
took jaime inside they tried to call the
police for help but the strange thing
was that in front of them they suddenly
died not long after a man knocked on
your door alive
the man named charlie claimed to be
looking for his son named jaime without
the slightest suspicion
vance ordered the other sat him to bring
jaime down but eddie begins to be
suspicious of charlie
he deliberately asks charlie a question
about jaime's characteristics not long
after jaime wakes up and screams in fear
after seeing the river then he rushes
inside to see that eddie forbids vance
to open the door
then suddenly a man comes with the
suitcase filled with charlie's money
which was one of the chiefs of triple
six tried to cause c with the money to
get the pot to hand over jaime francis
seemed to have started to get carried
away with charlie's persuasion all cops
he almost asked him to come and then
eddie hit his fishing rod
he fainted he saw that charlie looked
furious
he said that eddie had just started a
war
then charlie arranged a plan to surround
the mall and carry out an attack
he puts his sniper on both sides
meanwhile charlie tries to call jaime
who is hiding with a little aim
jaime finally comes out he asks eddie to
promise to protect him reason has read
news about gaming that is under fb guard
which is supposed to testify in court
tomorrow
demi's father as an auditor in the
triple six gang's who in the end
betrayed and turned to work with the fpi
to uncover the gang's crimes
long story short triple sec managed to
kill yami and jaime witnessed it and
eddie hid
the game eddie gave the key guarantee
and told him not to come out whatever
happened right
the security guards were starting to get
scared if fb just failed squid
especially those who are only security
guards and don't have capable weapons
but ed who is a former army commander
has a lot of strategies for him trying
to calm them down where on the other
side charlie and his gang started
the attack by telling the surroundings
to climb to the top of the building
he saw that charlie c.s fought back by
dropping a burning sofa killing one of
charlie high's men
while the senior managed to climb up and
hunt down charlie and his friends the
senior friend managed to catch vans
lucky ruby saved him
come on
then the gang got rid of the corpse of
one person who died earlier along with
his burning car to eliminate traces
inside by dcs devised a survival plan
with the makeshift weapons inside
oh mixed the mop medak and landmines
they split up guarding every entrance
then eddie assigned a design guard at
the front door to signal s seos through
the center
if a patrolling policeman was passing by
at the same time
jaime came out of hiding making eddie
angry with him
jaime said that he wanted to help
meanwhile charlie manages to get in with
the help of their special hacker through
gemi's descent a letter to charlie
telling him to come to block to seven to
distract then charlie orders his men to
attack yet charlie sends a message to
all his men
they will be rewarded one hundred
thousand dollars if they succeed in
killing jaime but if they fail their
respective families will be hunted and
killed
on the other hand some of the gang
members entered through the door guarded
by ruby
one of them died from an electric shock
installed by ed hye
when he wanted to open the door with a
crowbar hubby tried to attack the armed
one with an arrow but it certainly was
nothing for the fully armed gang
after being bombarded with gunfire ruby
pretended to be dead then the gang went
inside while the machine managed to
snatch one of the guns the gang and
managed to kill two through the walkie
that was on each eddy check the
condition of his comrades
he was relieved to know that they were
all fine eddie tried to meet mesum to
take the rifle he had but suddenly the
gang attacked eddie
luckily he managed to escape the sniper
who was guarding outside saw a police
car pass by then charlie ordered his men
to withstand the new style attack
ub saw the police car stop in front of
eddie then ordered jesse to show the
esco sign but the flashlight that was on
jason was broken
then he took the initiative to leave
even though eddie had forbidden him and
then jas when he was shot by the sniper
eddie told his colleagues to gather at
the toy store within three minutes
then he told jaime to find out how many
people were on guard around the toy shop
jaime said that there were five of them
suddenly from behind eddie attacked one
of them he managed to grab his gun and
kill them all
the incident was witnessed by charlie
through cctv then vance and ruby came
out of hiding
then suddenly both of them were attacked
resulting in ruby being shot by vance
trying to save ruby
when eddie's prediction met the
frightened machines almost shot eddie
who he thought was a member of the gang
luckily he managed to dodge then eddie
and the others managed to gather in the
main room
hai was furious to see his men die
looking for decided to go down the field
while ruby died because of a shot vance
was very hit by the loss of the girl he
loved tai hai
on the other side my edge is hiding just
in case eddie gives jaime a teddy bear
where inside they are hidden an electric
reminder weapon
there jaime had a chance to vent with
eddie where for four years of his
childhood he spent under the protection
of fb
eddie trying to calm gaming by telling
about his daughter who is also the same
age as him then charlie contacted id i'm
going to extend the offer
he made a final offer to give up gaming
but eddie remained on his stance from
cctv
mason saw a police car coming at the
same time
ree also saw a communication truck used
by hacker charlie to paralyze the mall
security radio signal
then eddie tried to get down to get rid
of the truck that was brought in front
of c
who was waiting at the door getting
ready to shoot eddie asked place to
leave because soon help would come
then re went downstairs but suddenly the
hindu successful l they opened with a
clip saw that vance who wanted revenge
for ruby's death immediately attacked
them blindly and was greeted by a
resistance attack from mobile fifa's
triple six
when eddie who wanted to go out the back
door was intercepted by the fbi member
eddie said that he was the security
guard asked where the game was
but eddie couldn't do anything because
he was being held at gunpoint by the fbi
and then the beach went back to using
his rifle and aiming the shot
[Music]
towards the gas cylinder causing some of
them to burn to death
but unfortunately he was also shot then
the fbi told eddie to hand jaime over to
them
vance is willing to sacrifice himself to
protect jaime and mason as a result
vance died on the spot eddie is
suspicious of them that they are not fbi
moreover after seeing the triple six
tattoo symbol on his neck one of them
then contacted jaime to bring the doll
with the electric gun
then suddenly mason was shot to death
lucky jaime managed to escape and hide
at the same time eddie did eddie's swift
attack killed them
eddie saw that mason was dead then he
contacted jaime jaime said that pan was
also dead he heard that all of his
colleagues had died eddie tried to
strengthen the game and vice versa
jaime said to eddie that they should
also go home to see his daughter find an
emergency eddie then hide after the
radio works the game has to call for
help while eddie tries to get out to
destroy the hacker truck
that's the only way to get the radio
signal back to work turns out
their conversation is overheard by
charlie then he memes orders his men
hunt down eddie while he hunts down
jaime using an eddy motorbike tries to
make
but he is hunted by charlie's remaining
henchman high
high high somewhere else trying to
persuade jaime to come out of hiding
while the man manages to stop eddie in a
fight occurs with the collision between
the two eddie started to get overwhelmed
with the man
then the man found a gun at the same
time eddie back using the motorbike and
managed to get out until the motorbike
bounced towards the truck as a result
the car caught fire along with the
hacker who was in it and the radio
signal returned active eddie contacted
jamie
but there was no answer because charlie
was there at the same time eddie was hit
by sniper fire outside while jaime's
deputy was destroyed by charlie then we
got out and rushed to grab the radio and
called the police
the man forbade ur to shoot eddie he i
want to kill eddie with his own hands
meanwhile eddie managed to get into
vance's car and grow his gun
as previously mentioned earlier then
eddie shot the sniper dead at the same
time eddie also managed to shoot the man
who tried to attack him even though
previously he was also hit by a bullet
from a senior long story
short charlie managed to catch jamie at
the same time eddie the data
then he made a final offer that was
profitable for both parties to eddie but
eddie still kept his promise to protect
for whatever happened
and eddie shot him even though he died
instantly as long as the real police
arrived the pan survived and was taken
to the hospital
[Music]
the next morning jaime visited eddie at
the hospital
jaime said that he was going to leave
soon he thanked eddie for having him
then jaime's friend came to pick him up
at the end of the film eddie returned to
his wife and child as requested by
jeremy and the film was finished
overall the film is quite exciting but
many things are not explained in this
film such as what evidence is held by
jeremy until he is being hunted down by
triple six
moreover there is no trial license
the ending is very hanging but for those
of you who like films are full of
shooting action this film is perfect for
you
see you in the next video